add note containing useful link (#1568)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/create-groups/manage-creation-of-groups.md

- The admin who configures these group creation settings
- The members of the security group who are allowed to create groups

> [!NOTE]

> > Check [this article](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/license-users-groups) for more details about how to assign Azure licenses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> See [Assign or remove licenses in the Azure Active Directory portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/license-users-groups) for more details about how to assign Azure licenses.
```
